Support `alter mv set backfill_rate_limit` (#2432)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-alter-materialized-view.md

|**RENAME TO**|This clause changes the name of the materialized view.|
|*new_name*|The new name of the materialized view.|

```sql title=Examples
-- Change the name of the materialized view named "mv_1" to "mv_2"
ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW mv_1 RENAME TO mv_2;
```

### `SET BACKFILL_RATE_LIMIT`

```sql title=Syntax
ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW mv_name
    SET BACKFILL_RATE_LIMIT { TO | = } { default | rate_limit_number };
```

> Use this statement to modify the backfill rate limit of a running materialized view. For the specific value of `BACKFILL_RATE_LIMIT`, refer to [How to view runtime parameters](/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md#how-to-view-runtime-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this statement to modify the backfill rate limit of a materialized view being created. For the specific value of `BACKFILL_RATE_LIMIT`, refer to [How to view runtime parameters](/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md#how-to-view-runtime-parameters).
```
